---
layout: page
title: Jack's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: HustleBook

HustleBook is a desktop app specially catered towards financial advisors for **managing client details** and **scheduling meetings efficiently** without the need to lift their hands off the keyboard.
The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 15 kLoC.

This project is built on top of the **AB3** application that is used for teaching Software Engineering principles.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to flag clients via flag/unflag commands.
    * What it does: allows the user to flag important clients. Clients can be flagged or unflagged via the flag/unflag commanf respectively. 
    * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can not specify and view important clients who have benn flagged previously. 
    * Highlights: This enhancement serves as the basis for a few other features such as listing flagged or unflagged clients only. 
    * Credits: *{mention here if you reused any code/ideas from elsewhere or if a third-party library is heavily used in the feature so that a reader can make a more accurate judgement of how much effort went into the feature}*

* **New Feature**: Added a flag field for client. 

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=j4ck990&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=false&since=2022-02-18&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&zFR=false&tabAuthor=j4ck990&tabRepo=AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-2%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=functional-code~docs~test-code~other&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false)

* **Project management**:
    * Managed releases `v1.2` - `v1.3` (2 releases) on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
    * Updated the GUI flag display (Pull requests [\#133](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-2/tp/pull/133))
    * Enhanced help command to display for individual commands (Pull requests [\#131](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-2/tp/pull/131))
    * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests [\#36](), [\#38]())

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Added documentation for the features `delete` and `find` [\#72]()
        * Did cosmetic tweaks to existing documentation of features `clear`, `exit`: [\#74]()
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added implementation details of the `flag` feature. [\#98](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-2/tp/pull/98)

* **Community**:
    * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#27]()
    * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class ([PE-D](https://github.com/j4ck990/ped/issues?q=is:issue+is:open))
    * Some parts of the flag feature I added was adopted by several other class mates ([1](), [2]())
