---
layout: page
title: Desmond Tan's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: iBook

IBook is an inventory recording system for storekeepers to manage incoming and outgoing products in a store.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=mazx4960&breakdown=true)

* **New Feature**: Add product command
  * What it does: Allows the user to add a new product to iBook.
  * Justification: Provides an easy way to track all the products that the shopkeeper has in the store.

* **New Feature**: Delete product command
  * What it does: Allows the user to delete an existing product from iBook.
  * Justification: Some products might no longer be selling in the store, hence, this command provides an easy way to remove it.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to have multiple items for a product
  * What it does: Allows the user to add items to a product.
  * Justification: Different items might have different expiry dates. This allows the user to keep track of these items separately in an organised manner.

* **New Feature**: Product filter
  * What it does: Allows the user to filter the products based on different parameters like their name, category etc, and display the current applied filter in the user interface.
  * Justification: The storekeeper might have a lot of items in the application, this filter allows him to find products that he is looking for and display it in the user interface.

* **Enhancements to existing features**: Find Command
  * What it does: Allows a more general search of the products, by allowing partial matching of the name or category as well as finding a range of prices.
  * Justification: The storekeeper might not remember the exact name of the product that he is looking for, and this provides a convenient way for him to do so.

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Wrote documentation for the `add`, `delete` commands.
    * Formatted the user guide to flow better
  * Developer Guide:
    * Added the `item` into the model diagram
    * Added use cases

* **Community**: to be added soon
  * Reviewed PRs and suggested improvements
  * Reported bugs founds and suggested solutions
