---
layout: page
title: Vikrant Prakash's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: NUSocials

NUSocials is a desktop address book application for university students who like to maintain a professional contact list. The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* Updated the UI to display the tags added
  * Used JavaFX Hboxes to create rudimentary tags for testing purposes before the final tag UI was designed

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to view all contact entries.
    * What it does: allows the user to view a list of all contacts in the stored in the database.
    * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can view all their contacts and choose which ones to tag or delete.
    * Highlights: This enhancement required an analysis of the UI design layout to find the best possible way to display the result.

* **Feature Enhancement**: Added the ability to find contact entries by tags
    * What it does: allows the user search for a contact entry in the list according to tags.
    * Justification:  Users may have very large lists of contacts and may want to filter them by a certain tag. We should allow them to do this using by extending the find command for tags
    * Highlights: This enhancement offers both 'AND' and 'OR' search for the fields searched for. The implementation was challenging as it required good knowledge of java predicates and functional programming.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to find events
    * What it does: allows the user search for an event in the list according to the event details
    * Justification:  Users may have very large lists of upcoming events and may want to look for a specific one.  We should allow them to do this using a find event command


* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=viki0526&breakdown=true&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&since=2022-02-18&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=viki0526&tabRepo=AY2122S2-CS2103T-W11-1%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false)

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
      * Added documentation for `find`, `find -s`, `find -e`
      * Added documentation for the `list` feature
    * Developer Guide:
      * Contributed to user stories, usecases, non-functional requirements and glossary
      * Added implementation for find contacts including its class diagram
      * Added implementation for find events
